About.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /
group: "navigation"
---

{% include image.html url="/images/SrihariSundar_DP.png" width="200px" align="right" %}

Hi!

I am Srihari (Hari) Sundar, a PhD candidate at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. I work in the [ASSET lab](https://www.assetlab.org) where I am advised by [Prof. Michael Craig](https://seas.umich.edu/research/faculty/michael-craig).
My research interests include decarbonization of the power sector, climate impacts, computational modeling, and sustainable transformation. My current research is focused on predicting changes in the energy system -- meteorology interaction with a transition to widespread renewable energy generation, and using this to inform long term planning of reliable power systems under a changing climate while ensuring a just transition. I am also passionate about building scalable software and contributing to the open-source ecosystem.

Born and raised in Chennai, India and I did my under grad in Materials Engineering at IIT Madras. I began my research pursuits in materials informatics and data driven modeling, before changing fields. More details on my projects are in the [research page](/research) and my CV.

Commit message:

Add codes page, little more detail in research page and reduce detail in materials research

About.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /
group: "navigation"
---

{% include image.html url="/images/SrihariSundar_DP.png" width="200px" align="right" %}

Hi!

I am Hari, a PhD candidate at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. I work in the [ASSET lab](https://www.assetlab.org) where I am advised by Prof. [Michael Craig](https://seas.umich.edu/research/faculty/michael-craig).

I am interested in studying climate impacts on natural & man-made systems, and building computational tools and models to do so. During my PhD I have particularly focussed on questions at the intersection of power system decarbonization, system reliability, and mitigation & adaptation challenges due to a changing climate. 

More details on my projects and codes are in the [research](/research) and [codes](/codes) pages, and in my [scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=uQAgcREAAAAJ&hl=en) page. Born and raised in Chennai, India and I did my under grad in Materials Engineering at IIT Madras. I began my research pursuits in materials informatics and solid mechanics, and you can find more about that [here](/materials).

[//]: # (I am passionate about building scalable software and contributing to the open-source ecosystem.)
